### MapReduce
> It provides an abstraction that hides many system-level details from the programmer.

- Restrictions on mappers and reducers
    -- The use of external resource

   e.g., Querying an external SQL db may be unwise, since it would introduce a scalability bottleneck on the number of map tasks that could run in parallel. In general, mappers can emit an arbitrary number of intermediate key-value pairs, and they need not be of the same type as the input key-value pairs. Similarly, reducers can emit an arbitrary number of final key-value pairs, and they can differ in type from the intermediate key-value pairs. (Not permitted in functional programming)
   
   However, preserving state across multiple inputs is central to the design of MapReduce alg. [More difficult to gyarantee the correctness; potential synchronization problem]=> e.g., wirte a temp file that is renamed upon successful completion of the mapper and reducer

    -- It is possible to have no reducers, impossible to have no mappers
    
   The converse—a MapReduce program with no mappers—is not possible, although in some cases it is useful for the mapper to implement the identity function and simply pass input key-value pairs to the reducers. This has the effect of sorting and regrouping the input for reduce-side processing. Similarly, in some cases it is useful for the reducer to implement the identity function, in which case the program simply sorts and groups mapper output. Finally, running identity mappers and reducers has the effect of regrouping and resorting the input data (which is sometimes useful).

- The Execution Framework(Runtime)
    -- Scheduling
    
   Scheduler needs to maintain some sort of a task queue and to track the progress of running tasks so that waiting tasks can be assigned to nodes as they become available. Scheduling also involves coordination among tasks belonging to different jobs.
   
   Speculative execution: The main idea is to do work before it is known whether that work will be needed at all, so as to prevent a delay that would have to be incurred by doing the work after it is known whether it is needed. If it turns out the work was not needed after all, any changes made by the work are reverted and the results are ignored[wiki].

    -- Data/code co-location
   
   MapReduce: move the code to the data

    -- Synchronization
   
   Copying intermediate data over the network => “shuffle and sort”

    -- Error and fault handling
